Assignment
Use the skills you’ve learned in this module to create your portfolio using flexbox and media queries.

You’ll continue to refine this portfolio throughout the program and will add projects that you create as you go.

Jenny Thinkful's Portfolio with flexbox layout and media queries will help give you an idea what this assignment is looking for:

Portfolio with Flexbox & Media Queries

Instructions: Create a portfolio with the following:

Code Requirements

Create a page layout using flexbox.
Implement appropriate media queries for responsive design.
Utilize semantic, valid markup
Build your page from scratch (no template usage)
Detail and quality requirements

Page should not have typos and should offer content clarity and readability
Page Content Requirements

Intro Section:
Who you are
Where you are
What you do and what makes you special
About Me section:
demonstrate your passion for the web
demonstrate desire to work on a team with great programmers
show your personality outside of coding
List of services you can (or want to) provide a client.
Contact Section:
email address
link to your github profile
link to your linkedin profile
Project section
Project Title
Project Description
link to Project
(Note: You may not have developed projects yet. Setup your portfolio with placeholder content. You'll replace this placeholder content as you move through the program and complete assignments. Placeholder content for all of the following is acceptable.)

Sample project listing
Title of the project
Description that explains what the app does, who it's for, why you built it.
Skills used (what is the stack)
(Optional) Screenshot that presents the app appropriately - may be a placeholder - the actual image does not really matter.
Link to the GitHub repo of the project
Link to live, working app
Note: You'll learn more in upcoming checkpoints about creating responsive navigation using the flexbox layout and media queries, as well as a functional contact form. You'll also have some time to polish up your content and get feedback on how to improve your own presentations.

Please submit the GitHub.com repo URL, as well as the GitHub.io website address, to be reviewed. If you submit your Repl.it URL, your project will not be reviewed or graded.